So let's look at the Leaf Nodes.
Look at the line that handles leaf nodes,
which is this section right here.
It takes the prediction of that leaf node and multiplies it by some weight.
So, here's the prediction v,
and here's some weight.
The weight is determined by the proportion of
training data points that end up reaching that leaf node.
So, this part of the code you can actually see it right here in the original algorithm.
Ignoring the feature.
Next, let's look at the case when the feature that's used at
a node is not within the subset of features that we want to split on.
In other words, it's not in that subset capital S. So,
we want to pretend that we didn't train the model on this feature.
In that case, in order to pretend that we're not splitting on that feature,
we take the sum of the weighted predictions from both its left and right subtree.
So, you can see here that there r values represent
the number of training samples in each of those three nodes.
So, j is a parent node,
a sub j is the left child of node j and b sub j is the right child of node j.
So, there's three nodes we're looking at and r represents
the number of training samples that end up trickling down into each of those nodes.
So, you might notice that when you have a parent node and two child nodes,
then the number of training samples in the parent node will
get split somehow between the left child or the right child.
It will either go to the left or right child.
So, this part of the algorithm you can see back here.
Here's this whole statement right here.
We have g and then we have the a's the for the left child,
b for the right child,
and then the r's represent the number of training samples in each of those three nodes.
Okay. Now, Including a Feature.
Finally for cases when the feature at that node
is within the subset of features that we want to use,
then we can just follow the left subtree or the right subtree,
whichever path that the input data gets assigned to buy the split.
So, this is saying, if the feature is in
our set S of features that we want to assume are being used.
Let's start with this "if" statement.
So, this "if" statement is checking the value of
the feature comparing it to the threshold.
So, that's what's deciding whether to go down
to the left child node or to the right child node.
So, if it goes to the left child node,
then just return the prediction from the left child sub-tree.
If it's going to the right child node,
then just return the prediction from the right subtree.
Again, it's okay if this seems a little bit high level right now,
but we're going to implement this procedure,
this algorithm in code next.